---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ansible_playbook_run Action - terraform-provider-ansible"
subcategory: ""
description: |- Run an Ansible playbook.
---

# ansible_playbook_run (Action)

The `ansible_playbook_run` action runs an Ansible playbook.

## Example Usage
```terraform
action "ansible_playbook_run" "ansible" {
  config {
    playbooks            = ["${path.module}/playbook.yml"]
    inventory            = [ansible_inventory.myinventory.path]
    ssh_private_key_file = "./ssh-private-key.pem"

    extra_vars = {
      var_a = "Some variable"
      var_b = "Another variable"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- action schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `playbooks` (List of String) Paths to ansible playbooks.

### Optional

- `ansible_playbook_binary` (String) Path to ansible-playbook executable (binary).
- `become` (Boolean) Run operations with become
- `become_method` (String) Privilege escalation method to use (default=sudo), use `ansible-doc -t become -l` to list valid choices.
- `become_password_file` (String) Path to file containing password for privilege escalation.
- `become_user` (String) Become this user (default=root)
- `check_mode` (Boolean) Run in check mode
- `connection_password_file` (String) Path to file containing password for connection.
- `connection_type` (String) Connection type to use (default=ssh)
- `diff_mode` (Boolean) Run in diff mode
- `extra_vars` (Map of String) Extra variables to pass to the playbook
- `extra_vars_files` (List of String) List of variable files with extra variables
- `flush_cache` (Boolean) Flush the cache before running the playbook.
- `force_handlers` (Boolean) Force handlers to run even if a task fails.
- `forks` (Number) Number of parallel forks to use
- `inventories` (List of String) List of inventories in JSON format (use ansible_inventory to generate)
- `inventory_files` (List of String) Specify inventory host path or comma separated host list
- `limit` (String) Limit the execution to hosts matching a pattern
- `module_paths` (List of String) Prepend path(s) to module library
- `private_key_file` (String) Path to private key file
- `quiet` (Boolean) Suppress output completely
- `scp_extra_args` (String) Extra arguments to pass to scp
- `sftp_extra_args` (String) Extra arguments to pass to sftp
- `skip_tags` (List of String) List of tags to skip during playbook execution.
- `ssh_common_args` (String) Specify common arguments to pass to sftp/scp/ssh (e.g. ProxyCommand)
- `ssh_extra_args` (String) Extra arguments to pass to ssh
- `start_at_task` (String) Name of task to start execution at.
- `tags` (List of String) Limit the execution to tasks matching a tag
- `timeout` (Number) Override the connection timeout in seconds
- `user` (String) Connect as this user (default=None)
- `vault_ids` (List of String) The vault identities to use
- `vault_password_file` (String) The vault password file to use
- `verbosity` (Number) Verbosity level


